# movie-rating-website-based-on-comments-using-NLP
 With the help of technology, the internet becomes a valuable place for exchanging ideas, online learning, reviews for a product or service or movies. It makes hard to record and understand the user emotion because reviews over the internet are available for millions for a product or services.  In this project we design and develop a Movie Rating Website based on the comments given by the people using Natural language processing which will be implemented in a website. It is an emerging area for research to collect the subjective information in source material by Natural Language Processing 
# INTRODUCTION 
People’s opinion has become one of the extremely important sources for various services in ever-growing popular social networks. In particular, online opinions have turned into a kind of virtual currency for businesses looking to market their products, identify new opportunities, and manage their reputations. People’s opinion has become one of the extremely important sources for various services in ever-growing popular social networks. In particular, online opinions have turned into a kind of virtual currency for businesses looking to market their products, identify new opportunities, and manage their reputations.  Practically, when we are not familiar with a specific product, we ask our trusted sources to recommend one. Today, the popularity of the Internet drives people to search for other people’s opinions from the Internet before purchasing a product or seeing a movie. Many websites provide user rating and commenting services, and these reviews could reflect users’ opinions about a product. For example, the customer-review section in Amazon.com lists the number of reviews, the percentage for different ratings, and comments from reviewers. When people want to purchase books, CDs, or DVDs, these comments and ratings usually influence their purchasing behaviors. In addition to these websites, a search engine is another important source for people to search for other people’s opinions. When a user enters a query into a search engine, the search engine examines its index and provides a listing of best-matching web pages according to its criteria, usually with a short summary containing the document’s title and, sometimes, parts of the text
